Add security contact info (#84)
CosmosContracts/juno: SECURITY.md

# Juno bug reporting and feature requests

> The Juno core development team uses GitHub to manage feature requests and bugs. This is done via GitHub Issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Juno core development team uses GitHub to manage feature requests and bugs, via GitHub Issues.
```

## Triage and progress 🔜

> Issues added to GitHub will be triaged as they come in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issues added to GitHub will be triaged as they arrive.
```

> Tracking of in-flight issues will be done through the Juno Core project board, but of course we reserve the right to not make a public issue if there is a security implication in doing so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tracking of in-flight issues will be done through the Juno Core project board. If the issue affects the security of the blockchain, we reserve the right to keep the issue private, until it is appropriate to disclose.```

## Feature request 🚀

> For a feature request, e.g. module inclusion, please make a GitHub issue. Clearly state your use case and what value it will bring to other users or developers on Juno.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a feature request, e.g. module inclusion, please make a GitHub issue. Clearly state your use-case and what value it will bring to other users or developers on Juno.
```
